Use ES2018 (#22)
bpmn-io/min-dash: CHANGELOG.md

___Note:__ Yet to be released changes appear here._

## 4.0.0

* `FEAT`: use ES2018

### Breaking changes

> * The library exposes now ES2018 code. Use a bundler if you need to support older syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The library exposes now ES2018 code. You have to transpile it yourself to support older (ES5) syntax.
```
